MANUAL_UPLOAD.md, before:

# Manual Upload Instructions

Since Git push is having authorization issues, here's the easiest way to upload:

## Your Space is Ready!
All files are prepared in: `/Users/valencia/papago-translation/hf-space/`

## Upload via Web Interface (Easiest Method):

1. **Go to your Space**: https://huggingface.co/spaces/zxc1232/koreantoenglish
2. **Click the "Files" tab**
3. **Click "Add file" → "Upload file"**
4. **Upload these files from** `/Users/valencia/papago-translation/hf-space/`:
   - `app.py` ✅
   - `papago_translation.py` ✅
   - `requirements.txt` ✅
   - `README.md` ✅ (already updated)

## Or Fix Token Permissions:

1. Go to: https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens
2. Check that your token has **"Write"** permissions
3. If not, create a new token with Write permissions
4. Then run:
   ```bash
   cd /Users/valencia/papago-translation/hf-space
   git push origin main
   ```

## Files Ready:
- ✅ app.py
- ✅ papago_translation.py
- ✅ requirements.txt  
- ✅ README.md

Your Space will automatically build once files are uploaded!

Commit message:

Docs: add Hugging Face Space live demo link to README and setup/deploy docs; emphasize Papago Korean-English Subtitle Generator and no-install browser access

MANUAL_UPLOAD.md, after:

🌐 Hugging Face Space live demo: [https://huggingface.co/spaces/zxc1232/koreantoenglish](https://huggingface.co/spaces/zxc1232/koreantoenglish) — No installation required—try it in your browser!

# Manual Upload Instructions

Since Git push is having authorization issues, here's the easiest way to upload:

## Your Space is Ready!
All files are prepared in: `/Users/valencia/papago-translation/hf-space/`

## Upload via Web Interface (Easiest Method):

1. **Go to your Space**: https://huggingface.co/spaces/zxc1232/koreantoenglish
2. **Click the "Files" tab**
3. **Click "Add file" → "Upload file"**
4. **Upload these files from** `/Users/valencia/papago-translation/hf-space/`:
   - `app.py` ✅
   - `papago_translation.py` ✅
   - `requirements.txt` ✅
   - `README.md` ✅ (already updated)

## Or Fix Token Permissions:

1. Go to: https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens
2. Check that your token has **"Write"** permissions
3. If not, create a new token with Write permissions
4. Then run:
   ```bash
   cd /Users/valencia/papago-translation/hf-space
   git push origin main
   ```

## Files Ready:
- ✅ app.py
- ✅ papago_translation.py
- ✅ requirements.txt  
- ✅ README.md

Your Space will automatically build once files are uploaded!
